# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --no-hashes --format requirements.txt
-e .
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via bs4
bs4==0.0.2
    # via chatbot-tracer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1 ; platform_python_implementation == 'PyPy'
    # via zstandard
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
chatbot-connectors==0.2.2
    # via chatbot-tracer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   chatbot-tracer
    #   tqdm
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
filelock==3.18.0
    # via virtualenv
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.169.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via
    #   chatbot-tracer
    #   langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via chatbot-tracer
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
identify==2.6.12
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain-core==0.3.60
    # via
    #   chatbot-tracer
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-genai==2.0.10
    # via chatbot-tracer
langchain-openai==0.3.17
    # via chatbot-tracer
langgraph==0.4.5
    # via chatbot-tracer
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.26
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8 ; python_full_version < '4'
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.69 ; python_full_version < '4'
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via langchain-core
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
openai==1.78.1
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18 ; python_full_version < '4' or platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy'
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via virtualenv
pre-commit==4.2.0
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22 ; platform_python_implementation == 'PyPy'
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   chatbot-connectors
    #   langchain-core
    #   pre-commit
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   chatbot-connectors
    #   google-api-core
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruff==0.11.13
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via pre-commit
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
